add-meta-tags-mod-2.0/README.md, before:

### Add SEO Meta Tags

This is a Wordpress Plugin that adds the <em>Description</em> and <em>Keywords</em> XHTML META tags to your site's front page, and to each post, static page and category archive. In addition, custom tags can be added both sote-wide and per-page.

This operation is automatic, but the generated META tags can be fully customized. 

#### Installation:
1. Install by uploading this folder and all contents as-is into the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory on your webserver.
2. Activate the plugin through the plugins menu.
3. Visit the configuration page ( Settings -> SEO Options) to set your SEO options.
 
#### Release History
2.0.1
- fix for title being appended more than once. Props @cfleurynesn

2.0.0
- total rewrite


#### Thanks
The plugin was re-written by @theMikeD to bring the code in line with current best practices and standards.

The following people have in one way or another contributed to this project:

- Feedback and bug reporting:
	- SpeKopuZ (http://www.bloog.cl/)
	- theblade24
	- BHopkins (http://www.callcenterconsultant.net/)

- Rick - http://rick.jinlabs.com/
	help in addressing a plugin bug

- Barmala - http://www.barmala.de/
	help in addressing a plugin bug

- Chris - http://www.hubschraubermuetze.de/
	bug reporting

- James - http://www.geniosity.co.za/musings
	code contribution, suggestions and feature requests that have eventually
	been implemented into the plugin.
	
- Ronald - http://www.ronalfy.com/
	code contribution and bug #2 report.
	
- Christian - http://cgws.nuthinking.com/
	for suggestions and feature requests, which have eventually been added
	to the plugin.
	
- Christiaan - http://last-straw.net/
	for suggestions and feature requests, which have eventually been added
	to the plugin.

- moeffju - http://moeffju.net/blog/
	Reported Bug 3
	
- marhgil - http://www.macuha.com/
	Reported Bug 4

- Sam
	Reported Bug 5

Commit message:

Fixing filter names for consistency
git-svn-id: https://vip-svn.wordpress.com/plugins@371362 dd790b09-5c1c-0410-8744-875116bcd8a6

add-meta-tags-mod-2.0/README.md, after:

### Add SEO Meta Tags

This is a Wordpress Plugin that adds the <em>Description</em> and <em>Keywords</em> XHTML META tags to your site's front page, and to each post, static page and category archive. In addition, custom tags can be added both sote-wide and per-page.

This operation is automatic, but the generated META tags can be fully customized. 

#### Installation:
1. Install by uploading this folder and all contents as-is into the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory on your webserver.
2. Activate the plugin through the plugins menu.
3. Visit the configuration page ( Settings -> SEO Options) to set your SEO options.
 
#### Release History
2.0.2
- change filter names to be consistent with others

2.0.1
- fix for title being appended more than once. Props @cfleurynesn

2.0.0
- total rewrite


#### Thanks
The plugin was re-written by @theMikeD to bring the code in line with current best practices and standards.

The following people have in one way or another contributed to this project:

- Feedback and bug reporting:
	- SpeKopuZ (http://www.bloog.cl/)
	- theblade24
	- BHopkins (http://www.callcenterconsultant.net/)

- Rick - http://rick.jinlabs.com/
	help in addressing a plugin bug

- Barmala - http://www.barmala.de/
	help in addressing a plugin bug

- Chris - http://www.hubschraubermuetze.de/
	bug reporting

- James - http://www.geniosity.co.za/musings
	code contribution, suggestions and feature requests that have eventually
	been implemented into the plugin.
	
- Ronald - http://www.ronalfy.com/
	code contribution and bug #2 report.
	
- Christian - http://cgws.nuthinking.com/
	for suggestions and feature requests, which have eventually been added
	to the plugin.
	
- Christiaan - http://last-straw.net/
	for suggestions and feature requests, which have eventually been added
	to the plugin.

- moeffju - http://moeffju.net/blog/
	Reported Bug 3
	
- marhgil - http://www.macuha.com/
	Reported Bug 4

- Sam
	Reported Bug 5
